Hello all,
I'm Delany Mathias,a second year Computer Science Student from NMAMIT,nitte.
And this is my first internship with DLITHE. 
I had registered for an internship in the month of April.
It was a online internship was about Mobile App Development using Flutter,consisting of 15 days of online training and 15 days of self work.
As a newbie to the technical area,i never knew about Flutter,untill i dived into it to learn more and to improve my technical skills.
So going further to know what a Flutter really is it is:
An open source UI software developement kit created by Google,which can be used to develop 
applications for Android,ios,Linux,Mac,windows,Google Fushier and the web from a single codebase.
It also enables a smooth and easy cross-platform for mobile app development.
Speaking about my Internship Journey,it was a very smooth one as i got to learn about the insights of flutter more clearly,by
getting the training from Mr.Varun Kudalkar and assistance from Mr.Arun Rajpurohit.
So there i got to know about many of the Flutter Widgets such as:
Material Component Widgets:such as Scaffold,AppBar,Floating Action Button,Icon Button etc.
Basic Widgets: such as Text,Row,Column,Container etc.
Also i got to learn many more of its features and properties,altogther the working of flutter.
And also i got to know more about what an emulator is and how does it works.
And some more additional learning i did by browsing Google and watching youtube videos.

So what i have done is, I have done small login application repeated in the session which consist of entering a Email as the username 
and 5 digit number as the password.
I have added Widgets to my app thats material and basic widgets,a icon such as lock icon,back arrow and security shape icon.
Additional changes i have done is styling the appbar by changing its shape adding a circle avatar to it.

So from this training i have gained an overview of what a Flutter actaully is,how it works and how to create apps on android and
ios applications.

And so this is all about me and my internship journey.

-Thank You.



